It doesn't look good either.
Medicine will take a fancy to you. Just say what you want
Cut the crap
I heard you can cure medical diseases
Yeah, what if I let you treat it now?
I don't want to treat him so crazy
Do you know who I am?
I don't care who you are.
The result is the same
You really don't know how to write the word death
Frenzied Sword let him try the power of my Yama Mansion
Your name is Yan Nanfeng, right?
How do you know the Beidu Yan family?
The south wind is the general
The people you bring are military
Then you should be Yan Nanfeng.
Who the hell are you?
You don't deserve to know who I am
How about this?
I'll call someone you know
cut line
I let you call someone
You can still call the big land over, maybe
Come here
Did he call the police?
I'm also afraid that he won't be able to call the police
Nobody moves.